Changes:
1. Homepage
	a. Carousel images to be changed. Give dimensions?
	b. Change case of all the words eg PORTFOLIO to Portfolio,etc 
	c. Change heading Events & Blogs to Sports Academy Website, support & service location to Support & Contact Details, video to Videos, Appnivi to Meet Us
	
	
2. Services page

Give dimensions of images? 

Web Development:
Get intuitive UI/UX designs, high fidelity wireframes, customized and elegant websites for all business purposes.
Build your brand and increase your customer engagement with your website today. 

Mobile App Development:
We provide engaging and powerful mobile application services starting from design, development, testing, and support. 
We focus on creating feature-rich android and ios apps for a customer or an enterprise at cost-effective rates

Software Development:
We offer optimized software solutions flexible with changing technology and business goals. 
We are customer-centric and continuously work towards delivering and leveraging the best possible solutions for our clients.


3. Blogs page

Give dimensions of blog images?

a. Client Server Program in Python:
Making a client server program in Python is now no more a stressing and confusing task. In this article, we will explain you step by step, 
how to make your own private chatroom by using sockets and client & server functions in Python in a much easy and understandable way.
What are Sockets? Sockets are the endpoints of a bidirectional communication channel. They are used to send and receive data bi-directionally. 
Sockets may be implemented using different channel types TCP, UDP and so on. Sending and receiving of the data is done is bytes. 
Therefore encoding and decoding of the data is done before sending and receiving respectively. Python provides SOCKETS module to implement sockets.
Read more.

b. Live Streaming with OBS:
Live streaming can be a strenuous and confusing task. In this article, we will show you step by step how to set up your own live stream.
Streaming can be done using your pc or by your mobile phone. In this article, we will go through an easy method to stream using your computer or laptop. 
In order to start a live stream you would need a stable internet connection to provide a smooth and good quality video stream to your viewers. 
Other then internet, you would need a high performance computer to handle the stress that you would put on your device while encoding the video for streaming platform.
Read more.

c. Sliding background effect using CSS:
In this article, we will explain you step by step, how to implement cool css sliding animation using CSS in an easy way. Here is a nice hover effect which can be seen and 
is often used in a wide variety of websites. The effect we have made here uses css properties and no frameworks like bootstrap. If you are in a hurry or are here just 
for the functionality, let us begin with the non-aesthetic functionality only version.
Read more.

d. Hosting website using nginx on AWS:
Hosting your website is the best way to show the world your talent. But hosting a website can be a stressing and confusing task. 
You have to make important decisions before hosting your website like what service to choose? Will that service have the support for the technology that 
is been used in that website? Read more.

4. Videos page

a. Hungertables
AppNivi presents Food Ordering and Restaurant Application. Take your business online and reach out to more customers. 
Why do I need to take my restaurant online?
1. Easy Menu Management
2. Customer Registration and Login Management 
3. Customer Order History Management 
4. Increase customer engagement with offers and subscriptions
5. Restaurant Booking Management
6. Easy and Secure Payment Modes
7. Sales Insights with Admin Dashboard
8. Food Delivery Management with location tracking
9. Increase in sales according to user preferences
10. Keep things in track with Customer Feedback
Contact teams@appnivi.com to get one for your restaurant/ food delivery business today.
Customizations available according to your requirements.
Contact us to know more about Admin/ User dashboard!
To see our live work please visit :
http://hungertables.in/


b. Ironfists
AppNivi presents the Martial Arts website.
Go online with our martial arts website, show your classes and schedules, share your knowledge via blogs, and introduce your team.
Get one for your own academy today!
Increase your connections and reach out to a larger audience.
Visit www.appnivi.com to get your website.
The website will contain -
1. Landing Page
2. Programs Offered Page
3. Upcoming Events Page
4. Core Team Page
5. Blogs Listing Page
6. Blog Page
7. Contact Page
Customizations available according to your requirements.
To see our live work please visit :
www.ironfists.in

c. onepercent-cg
Getting confused about where to show your stunning work?
Go online with your portfolio website with AppNivi.
Increase your connections and get hired.
Visit www.appnivi.com to get your portfolio.
Your portfolio website will contain,
1.  Landing Page
2.  Portfolio section to show your work
3.  About yourself (know me section)
4.  Experience
5.  Platforms you have worked on
6.  Services you provide
7.  Contact details
8.  Social Links
Customisation available according to your requirements.
To see our live work please visit: 
http://www.onepercent-cg.com/


5.Wireframes page:

Carousel: Add Wireframe images

Remove the layout below carousel and add the following layout having headings with their paragraphs.


Heading : Purpose of Wireframing

Para : One of the great advantages of wireframing is that it provides an early visual that can be used to review with the client. 
Users can also review it as an early feedback mechanism for prototype usability tests. Not only are wireframes easier to amend than concept designs, once approved by 
the client and the users they provide confidence to the designer. Therefore, wireframes keep the concept user-focused.
Wireframing specific features will clearly communicate to your clients how they’ll function and what purpose they’ll serve. 
Wireframes clarify and define website features as it enables all stakeholders to gauge how much space will need to be allocated for each feature, 
connect the site’s information architecture to its visual design, and clarify the page’s functionality.


Heading : Need of Wireframing

Para : Wireframes should be used early in a project to get user and client approval on the layout of key pages and the navigation. This will provide the project team, 
specifically the designers, confidence in moving forward. Wireframes will also save considerable time and money in the testing and amends phase later in the project.
They may seem basic enough to be overlooked, but wireframes will enable you to get vital user, client, and stakeholder approval when it comes to the layout and navigation 
of the product’s key pages. Armed with this approval, you can move forward with the confidence that you’re designing something that your clients and users will love. 
The bonus? Wireframes save heaps of time and money in the long run!

No Heading
Para : We offer intuitive UI/UX designs and high fidelity wireframes for all types of applications. Our team of UI designers having expertise in website development 
technologies makes sure to deliver best UI designs for all screen sizes so that your application looks excellent when viewed on mobiles, tablets, laptops and pcs.


6. Team page:
 
Give border-radius: 5px; to image


7. Coming up page:

Give dimensions of images?

1. Nivi Share
It is a fast, secure file sharing tool that allows the transfer of files up to 2GB. Use Nivi Share if you are tired of facing the problem of restrictions being 
imposed on the size of the file in email attachments. To share just upload the file, copy the generated link and share it with your team.

2. Nivi Learn
An online learning platform that brings together courses having impressive quality content along with certification offers. 
Monitor your progress by keeping track of your course modules in your personalized dashboard in an organized way. Learn and grow in a collaborative environment.


























